Add readme (#1)
crabtree/sm-xsuaa-poc: README.md

> # sm-xsuaa-poc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Service Manager-XSUAA communication POC
```

## Overview

> This repository contains the POC of the communication with the ServiceManager. The goal of this POC was to check if it is possible to reuse the client library that comes from the ServiceManager CLI. The example flow implemented here creates the XSUAA service instance and then creates a binding for that service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the POC of the communication with the ServiceManager. The goal of this POC was to check if it is possible to reuse the client library that comes from the Service Manager CLI. The example flow implemented here creates the XSUAA service instance and a binding for that service. 
```

> The ServiceManager CLI contains the package that exposes a client library for the communications with the ServiceManager API. This library secures the communication using OAuth tokens but the platform registered in the ServiceManager gives you the basic credentials. The POC shows the possibility to create the ServiceManager client with the HTTP client that uses the BasicAuthTransport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Service Manager CLI contains the package that exposes a client library for communication with the Service Manager API. This library secures the communication using OAuth tokens but the platform registered in the Service Manager gives you the basic credentials. The POC shows the possibility to create the Service Manager client with the HTTP client that uses the BasicAuthTransport.
```

> To run the POC you must specify username, password and the ServiceManager URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the POC, specify **APP_USERNAME**, **APP_PASSWORD**, and the Service Manager **APP_BASE_URL** and run this command:
```
